in the mount one can be found in the
situation of having to make a rappel
without having the equipment without having a harness
manufactured for this purpose
specialized
one can make one can be made
harness with material like tubular tape
as begged to use it about six meters
quite
the way this is done
stern is that it is quite simple what
you need here
we measure inta tubular about 6 meters and
medium is fine more or less
and the way it is done is the
next we take of the goal we already have
well measured here that is half of the
tape
we travel about 50 centimeters
approximately more or less since not
we have here we introduce in this part
in the pants
we passed the tapes in the back
and then when we have it when the
we went ahead we put them in the
loops we had already done when
we talk about tapes on one side going to
end shorter than the other
we climbed
what we are going to do from that
moment is to start spinning the
simple tape
spin the ribbon
On the one hand, we're going to finish first
the other by in sections that we remember in
other sides we keep circling
we have on this side the two ends
because here is
in our waist
all those who do not
all right
we press here what we are going to do is
drink
this is this part of this part of the
tape next to the tail
or the tapes on this side and finally
Now we can connect it to our 5
let's go also we close it
It is important
the second
the weakest part
and at this moment we can already
meats
is a harness that can not stand is a
harness that will allow us to do the
paper
it's not a harness as comfortable as one
manufactured by a certified company
obviously but no more
it is not advisable to do it with cord
because they are more feel that they are more
short and we can hurt ourselves more if
Stern the world comfortable enough
with us much less accessories
shorter more we will tighten this from
fact is one inch d
of the diameter this harness of none
way replaces an approved harness of
escalation in fact by a company
recognized but as I say for a
emergency situation is a harness that
it can work